---
id: other-test-results-analysis-tools
title: Other Test Results Analysis Tools
---

import Screen from "./common.jsx"


## Introduction

In this section, three test results analysis tools will be compared with Kraken
CI. These tools are among the most popular systems:

1. Allure
2. ReportPortal
3. Grafana

To be continued...

<!--
Limited Reporting and Visualization: The built-in reporting and
visualization capabilities of these CI/CD tools may be limited, and
organizations may need to rely on external tools or plugins for more
advanced or customizable reporting and visualization of test results.

### vs Allure

https://docs.qameta.io/allure/#_report_structure

Allure is an open-source test results reporting framework that
provides interactive and customizable HTML reports with rich
visualization of test results data. It supports popular testing
frameworks such as JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber, and more, and offers
features such as history trend analysis, test execution timeline, and
detailed test status and duration reports.



### vs ReportPortal

ReportPortal is an open-source test results analytics platform that
provides interactive web-based reports for analyzing and visualizing
test results data. It supports various testing frameworks, including
JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber, and more, and offers features such as smart
item search, trends analysis, and advanced filtering and sorting
options.


### vs Grafana

Grafana is a popular open-source data visualization tool that
can be used for test results analytics. It supports integration with
various data sources, including test results data, and offers a wide
range of visualization options, such as line charts, bar charts, pie
charts, and more. Grafana also provides customizable dashboards for
tracking and monitoring test results over time.

ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana): ELK Stack is a set of
open-source tools that can be used for log and data analytics,
including test results data. Elasticsearch is a powerful search and
analytics engine, Logstash is a data collection and processing tool,
and Kibana is a data visualization tool. Together, they can be used to
ingest, process, analyze, and visualize test results data in real-time
or near real-time.

Test Management Tools: Many test management tools, such as TestRail,
qTest, and Zephyr, provide built-in test results analytics
features. These tools often offer customizable reports, dashboards,
and analytics capabilities for analyzing test results data, tracking
test coverage, and identifying trends and patterns in test execution.

Xray: Xray is a test management tool for Jira that provides test
results analytics capabilities. It offers customizable reports,
dashboards, and gadgets for tracking and analyzing test results data,
including test execution status, coverage, and trends. Xray supports
popular testing frameworks such as JUnit, TestNG, and Cucumber.

TestComplete: TestComplete is an automated testing tool that provides
built-in test results analytics features. It offers customizable
reports and dashboards for analyzing test results data, including test
execution status, coverage, and trends. TestComplete supports a wide
range of testing frameworks and platforms, including web, mobile,
desktop, and API testing.

-->